Add tradePolicy retrieved from selected facets (#135)
vtex-apps/search-resolver: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Changed

> - Use trade policy from seleted facets in product search query. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use trade policy from selected facets in `productSearch` query. 
```
